docs(shareable config presets): partial rewrite (#16521)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-presets.md

# Shareable Config Presets

This page describes how to configure your shared presets.
Read the [Key concepts, presets](./key-concepts/presets.md) page to learn more about presets in general.

> Shareable config presets must use the JSON format, other formats are not supported.

Reviewer: Need to check, we maybe support JSON5 or YAML already?

Reviewer 2: we support JSON5

> Shareable config presets must use the JSON format, other formats are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shareable config presets must use the JSON or JSON5 formats, other formats are not supported.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    Only use `default.json` for your presets.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    We've deprecated using a `renovate.json` file for presets, as this causes issues if the repository configuration _also_ uses a `renovate.json` file.

>     If you're using a `renovate.json` file for presets, rename it to `default.json`.

Author: I think we should explain _what_ a user should do if they're using a `renovate.json` file for their presets. We probably want them to rename their `renovate.json` with the presets?

We also need to avoid confusing our readers who are "extending" from other presets. Maybe it should be worded like this?

```suggestion
    If you're using a `renovate.json` file to share your presets, rename it to `default.json`.
```

## Example configs

An example of a small rule is `:preserveSemverRanges`, which has the description "Preserve (but continue to upgrade) any existing SemVer ranges.".
It simply sets the configuration option `rangeStrategy` to `replace`.

An example of a full config is `config:base`, which is Renovate's default configuration.
It mostly uses Renovate config defaults but adds a few smart customizations such as grouping monorepo packages together.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    The `:xyz` naming convention (with `:` prefix) is shorthand for the `default:` presets.

>     For example: `:xyz` is the same as `default:xyz`.

Author: Are we sure this is still correct? I'm thinking maybe we renamed all `default:` presets to `config:`? See the discussion in:

- https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/12024#issuecomment-1182889890

Reviewer: This is still correct. `config:` is for full configs, `default:` is essentially for snippets

## How to Use Preset Configs

By default, Renovate App's onboarding PR suggests the `["config:base]"` preset.

> If you're self hosting you must add `"onboardingConfig": { "extends": ["config:base"] }` to your bot's config.

Author: > If you're self hosting you must add `"onboardingConfig": { "extends": ["config:base"] }` to your bot's config.

The current wording makes it sound like people _must_ use our `config:base` preset for some reason. 😄 

I think we mean to say:

```suggestion
If you're self hosting, and want to use the `config:base` preset, then you must add `"onboardingConfig": { "extends": ["config:base"] }` to your bot's config.
```
